Yooni Choi: Okay, let's start today's meeting. Since this seems like everyone's here. How was your week?
Jiahe Feng: Mine was super busy with 3 midterms this week. but i'm excited for the spring break.
Yooni Choi: You have any plans.
Jiahe Feng: I mean. I don't have any plans right now, but I will just say anything here and proper. You know
Jiahe Feng: It's your time I'm already at, and I can't wait to leave Pittsburgh.
Yooni Choi: Yeah, it sounds fun. I was super busy, too, with all those cloud work which is still ongoing. I guess i'll. I'll be also be working on the pool side while i'm at cancun anyone. Let's start up with our first agenda Item, you can touch us with. Sussex asked to vacate. You came home from where Cottage?
DAZHI PENG: Okay. The Duke and Duchess of Syntax has been asked to vacate the frog. My courage.
DAZHI PENG: The couple's Official. You Key Regiment, their spokesman to a team and Wednesday.
DAZHI PENG: The postman said that we can confirm the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been requested you back in their residence at Rockmore Cottage.
Jiahe Feng: That is said. The statement followed, reporting British newspaper. The song that claim the peer was being evicted from a property which is owned by the Chron estate.
Jiahe Feng: and that he had since being offered to Prince Andrew, one of King Charles through his brother
Jiahe Feng: Birkenham Palace, said Wednesday. It would be offering no comments.
Jiahe Feng: A royal source told Sia, and that any such discussions will be a private family matter.
Yooni Choi: Prince Harry and Meghan now reside in the United States, but have retained the early nineteenth century property as a Uk. Base, gifted to the Sussex by the lake Quinn, Elizabeth third, the second. The cottage is nestled in a quarter of the Windsor's estate, west of London.
Yooni Choi: They refurbished to property, and moves in shortly before the arrival of their son, or she in May not 2,019.
Yooni Choi: However, the renovation sparked controversy after the couple stepped back from public life, and it emerged about 3 million dollars of British taxpayers. Money had been used on the college refurbishments.
Yooni Choi: They have since paid back the public money. Following their relocation to California. Seems like loyal life, something that I would definitely want to try out.
DAZHI PENG: Yeah, don't even mention someone else paying my red would be amazing
DAZHI PENG: works, including the removal of chimney. We're finishing the loop. New Staircase. It's fireplace installation in a new floating wooden floor with detailing planning application documents to the local console
DAZHI PENG: the quote of all bidding pictures and a furnishings were paid for privately by the Duke, and that you. I guess we will need to finalize the how, how much was paid to the to get in touch it.
DAZHI PENG: So you work on that by the next meeting.
Jiahe Feng: Yes, certainly. The success. Stay at the property when they returned to the Uk. Last year, including, when they attended the Queen's Plateau Jubilee
Jiahe Feng: celebrations during the summit.
Jiahe Feng: Prince Andrew recently resides nearby at the Royal lodge at on the Windsor estate. The Duke of York also step back from royal duties in 2,019. After a disastrous interview about his friendship with disgrace. Financial Jeffrey Epstein involved the family unprecedented prices.
Yooni Choi: According to the to the son, the couple were reportingly asked to leave the property days after the release of Harris me more spare. In January, the 38 year old Royal held almost nothing back as his dismantle, the public's perception of him being the fun, loving, carefree party prince, and delved into the devastating impact of his mother's death.
Yooni Choi: his experimentation with drugs as a method of coping with grief and his struggles at finding love.
DAZHI PENG: Buckingham Palace repeatedly declined to comment on the memoir the auto-biography. Follow the 6 car Netflix documentary the cover released last year, and a explosive interview with opera will free in 2,021.
DAZHI PENG: They like there were concerns in the royal family about our history in colors.
DAZHI PENG: video speeding of being trapped, and said: Magnet has 2 side of. So to increase her first pregnancy.
Jiahe Feng: something interesting. Can you all watch the shoe by next week and to share your salt on it. Yep, with you. So
Yooni Choi: yeah, I was gonna watch it, anyway. Soon I just haven't had a chance to find my free time.
DAZHI PENG: Okay, let's not move on to our next item, Alex Myrtle Guilty.
DAZHI PENG: Alex. Myrtle, the first generation lawyer who's family launched their include in motown call rooms. Across part of that Carolina
DAZHI PENG: was convicted on Thursday of murdering his wife and son.
DAZHI PENG: seating the dramatic downfall of a man who has substantial wealth and the power of connections, but who lived a secret life in which he still millions of daughters from clients and a colleagues.
DAZHI PENG: and, like to many of those
Jiahe Feng: the guilty verdict is following a nearly 6 week long trial.
Jiahe Feng: more than 20 h month after the June, 2,021 fatal shooting of Mr. Murdoch's wife, Maggie, 52, and your son Paul 22 on the family royal at stage
Jiahe Feng: the grizzly crime.
Jiahe Feng: and reverberated across the state in part because of the story, story and history of the Murdoch family which controlled the regional prosecutors office in South Carolina, and a low country region for more than 8 years, and ran an influential law for even longer.
Yooni Choi: Alan Wilson said: today's verdict proved that no one, no one, no matter who you are in society, is above the law. The State Attorney General, at a news conference after the verdict in finding Mr. Morda's guilty jurors rejected his claim that he had left the dog channels where the crimes offered. Several minutes before the shootings. An assertion Mr. Mordo made from the witness stand only as a fall back after prosecutors played a video contracting his longstanding claim that he had not been there at all.
DAZHI PENG: The crucial, minute-long video recorded as a canvas happened to capture Miss Murdoch's voice in the backbone.
Jiahe Feng: It was taken by Paul Motor Imam, his last living moment and act that in he helped to secure the conviction of his father. Prosecutors contented that Mr. Murdo had killed his son with a shopping.
Jiahe Feng: then gone down his wife with a rifle when she ran over. If you see what had happened. prosecutor, said Mr. Murdo quickly set about creating alibi.
Jiahe Feng: texting and calling his swing wife, and visiting his ailing a short drive away.
Yooni Choi: Mr. Mardo stood silently in the courtroom. As the verdicts were read. His older son, Buster Mardo, who had testified about how to strut his father had been after the killings, sat in the courtroom with the hand over his mouth.
Yooni Choi: The jury also found Mr. Mardo guilty of the 2 counts of possession of a weapon doing the commission of a violent crime. Judge Clifton Newman said he would sent his Mr. Morneau on Friday morning. The minimum sentence for murder is 30 years in prison, and prosecutors have said, They will seek a sentence of life in prison without the possible of peril.
Yooni Choi: Dick Harpal, till one of Mr. Marty's lawyers, said he, plan to appeal the verdict. Would it be possible for us to have summary of his charges and verdicts? Be ready in 2 weeks?
DAZHI PENG: I think 2 weeks is too much. Let's have them ready with in a week. The trial was the reckoning of Miss Myrtle, one of her legal consequences for it in line
DAZHI PENG: he's committed to from the winning stand, and on he led a life of privilege and a well.
DAZHI PENG: In addition to his stolen money, he ricky millions of dollars to January income in some years as the lawyer for his family is Per.
DAZHI PENG: Mr. Once dreamed of following in the full step of his father, grandfather, and the great grandfather and becoming the region's top prosecutor.
DAZHI PENG: But instead, it's a really as a volunteer prosecutor working on a handful of cases over 2 decades
DAZHI PENG: not less.
Jiahe Feng: He kept across the view dispatch on the dashboard of his card, and the blue flashing light aside, for tutor said that he viewed himself as above the board. Mr. Murdoch was this bar last summer, after being charged with multiple financial crimes, including theft in total of about 8.8 million.
Jiahe Feng: Mr. Meadow claim that he had taken the money to pay for opioid addiction. That was something costing him tens of thousands of dollars a week.
Jiahe Feng: A prosecutor, John Meters, gave a brief closing argument in rebuttal on Thursday, urging jurors not to believe the claims of innocence that Mr. Murdoch had made front a way to stand
Jiahe Feng: the jury of 7 men and 5 women began to look liberating just before 4 Pm.
Yooni Choi: Motive, having a question from the beginning of the case, prosecutors argued that Mister Mardo committed the killings and fit in a failed effort to gain sympathy and to keep his long time embezzlement from its being exposed.
Yooni Choi: But another Mr. Mardo's lawyers. Jim Griffin told jurors and Thursday that the notion that Mr. Mardo would try to evade the crut any of his finances by placing himself in the middle of a murder investigation. Strain, credulity.
DAZHI PENG: Mr. Creeping. I've seen. Why, why, why. with Alex Myrtle on June seventh, execute his downfall, and his wife Maggie, who he a door in love. including the number of people who know the Myrtle family and testified about their loving relationship.
DAZHI PENG: Crewton Water, the led prosecutor, those that Mr. Murdoch admitted on the winning, stated that he had to do many licenses with a year to cover his financial Miss dealings and addiction to Pink Hillary.
DAZHI PENG: Mr. Orders urge the Us to avoid becoming the next one to believe it's like. he said. Don't let him for you to
Jiahe Feng: Mr. Waters told jurors that a perfect storm had been approaching Mr. Mount off.
Jiahe Feng: and by extension his wife and son. On the day of the motors
Jiahe Feng: earlier that day Mr. Miller had been confronted by his law firms financial. She who accused him of pocketing 6 figure check that he was supposed to pass along to the law firm.
Yooni Choi: That confrontation, Mr. Waters said, was one of the 2 increase in to Mr. Mardo's finances that led him to fear. The walls were closing in; the other was an effort by another large mark. Be tensely, who had sued Mr. Marty over his son's involvement in a drunken boat, crashed in 2,019. That resulted in a. In the death of a 19 year old woman.
Yooni Choi: The authorities that the boat was driven by Palmardo, and Mr. Tinsey had been asking a lawyer to force Mr. Mardo to disclose the detailed financial records, so that he could go after Mr. Morrison's personal assets.
DAZHI PENG: Initially, Prosecutors then meet the run off in work for several months after the murders the increase in its finances were holding. But then, in September, 2,021 an employee at his law firm on a meeting tracking Miss Murdoch's office
DAZHI PENG: leading to the firm's discovery that he had a type of billions of dollars. We forced him to run
Jiahe Feng: the next day in a bizarre series of events, Mr. Murdoch reported that he had been shot in the head on the side of a rural room.
Jiahe Feng: It turned out that Mr. Murdoch admitted from a detox facility days later that he had actually asked a distance Cousin Curtis Addy Smith to kill him. Mr. That he had wanted to frame his death as a murderer.
Jiahe Feng: that so that he, surviving some buster, could collect on his insurance policy.
Jiahe Feng: Much of the trial focused on Mr. Meadows lies, including the one that he repeated to police in 3 interviews after murders in which he claimed to have not been at a family dog. Kennels.
Yooni Choi: Mr. Morrow made the risk a decision to take the witness stand in his own defense last week, and said, in tearful testimony that he lied to the police, because he feared he would become a suspect if he acknowledged being at the kennels at night.
Yooni Choi: He had said he had been there for a few minutes, but then had left and driven to check on his ailing mother, who lived about 15 min away. He said. He returned about an hour later to find his family. Dad.
DAZHI PENG: Mr. Griffin addressed Ms. Myrtle's initial statements to the please directly on Thursday, saying that the video from the canvas tomorrow to be the backbone of a case that, like any other evidence.
DAZHI PENG: But as the long time track a day, Mr. Murdoch has become accustomed to telling like you, said
Jiahe Feng: Mr. Griffin said frankly. He probably wouldn't be sitting over here if he hadn't lied.
Jiahe Feng: pointing to his clients with that at the defense table, you know bronze blazer and vice-chair.
Jiahe Feng: intensely watching the proceedings.
Jiahe Feng: Mr. Griffin added: You lied because that's what addicts you a Dick fly. He lied because he had of course it full of skeletons
Jiahe Feng: throughout the trial. Mr. Murdoch flyers argue that the police will sloppy in your investigation, and have focused almost exclusively on Mr. Medal, instead of looking for other suspects.
Jiahe Feng: Mr. Griffin characterized a police investigation as being driven by the concept by useless unless we find someone somebody else. It's going to be Alice.
Yooni Choi: In this testimony Mr. Mardo said he believed the killings were probably carried out by someone seeking revenge over the boat crash.
Yooni Choi: Mr. Griffin had ticked through problems in the investigation and his closing arguments, including that the let agents, David Owen, at the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division, gave false testimony about guns found on the property to the grand jurors, who indicated Mr. Mordo.
Yooni Choi: He also noted that the police had for months wrongly believe that blood spatter had been found on Mr. Motto's shirt, when, in fact, more rigorous tests taken later, show no blood.
DAZHI PENG: He also criticized the prosecution for his contention that it means product inconsistent comments about the timeline of these movements suggested that he was a healer.
DAZHI PENG: Mr. Griffin said, Can we mention what he's doing to him bacteria that he disagree with myrtle returning to to find it's wiped and down. Queue here is that, and it's evidence of you that he doesn't remember what he was in that moment.
DAZHI PENG: Is there evidence of but or is there evidence of problem?
Jiahe Feng: Bob's Mr. Waters hammer on his previously sentence, asking Mr. Meadow repeatedly
Jiahe Feng: when he was Understand? If he had look his clients in the eye when he stole your money, and says, suggesting that he had. he was also lying to the jury.
Jiahe Feng: He's full of them all, Mr. Waters that of the victims of misunderstand. He fooled Maggie and Paul to, and they pay for it with their lives.
Yooni Choi: Isn't it tragic that a man from such a well established family put blood on his hand
DAZHI PENG: Right? Who would have ever mentioned people running him would have been hard to believe.
Jiahe Feng: Will there be any movies or documented documentary is being made off the story?
Yooni Choi: Oh, I will certainly watch it if there's gonna be one. By the way since we're talking about murder and blood and all those kind of stuff I can't wait for the squid team to to be released.
DAZHI PENG: Yeah, I heard it's gonna be released later this year.
Jiahe Feng: right season. One with cell phone. I finish in the day beings watching all the best not gonna lie
Yooni Choi: sad that we don't get those privileges anymore, because all of the work that's piled up in front of us.
DAZHI PENG: moving on to our lots of generalism about it is users
DAZHI PENG: data Centers include the room or building it equipment and facilities to securely house power and the code that equipment
DAZHI PENG: over the years data centers have evolved from what location of concentrated it equipment to modular and the highly virtualized compute standards with green use of webpage services, explosion on mobile devices and ever increasing rate of the that generation.
Jiahe Feng: One of the main contributors of the growth has been the advance of the cloud computing paradigm
Jiahe Feng: in which cost effectiveness is directly linked to economies of skill and efficiencies.
Jiahe Feng: Game with new data center design.
Jiahe Feng: all layer of clouds, software and services run on top of physical resources, largely servers, storage and networking equipment.
Jiahe Feng: and all of these with my power. This equipment also generates heat, and so requires cooling
Jiahe Feng: a small data center in my fitting one specialized one, while a large installation might be a dedicated warehouse. Sized facility.
Yooni Choi: Data Center design requirements depend on its size and use. Cloud Centric data centers could come in 2 varieties. An infrastructure as a service class provider offers a variety of machine types, and the customers pick and choose to build their own applications
Yooni Choi: software as a service and a platform as a service. Providers typically use large scale homogeneous compute notes with custom applications that are presented to end users directly.
Yooni Choi: Other types of data centers include enterprise, traditional it which houses computers to support, functions for day to day business operations and high performance computing data centers which has large clusters of 4 scientific applications.
DAZHI PENG: In the last 5 years specifically, attention has been paid for the efficiency of the centers dramatically decreasing the operational uses causes and a carbon fu. This increasing efficiency has led to a bus evolution on data Center design, and the trends are likely to continue
DAZHI PENG: effectively. Use of cloud resources and develop a large seal. Dynamic applications for the cloud require understanding of the physical resources that make up the cloud.
DAZHI PENG: In this unit we start with trends in data centers, present components at a makeup of data centers and discuss data. That is, that considerations and a requirement. If you think of the cloud as a massive computer, you can still break it down into its constituent parts.
Jiahe Feng: processors, memory and switch.
Jiahe Feng: When you are programming for the cloud, you're writing programs to solve a problem or provide a service. But with the ability to scale a few decades ago to be a computer user meant to be a programmer every program, and you the instruction set architecture well, and because hardware resources were scared
Jiahe Feng: scars, how to optimize your Assembly language with the advent of high level programming languages, such as C and C plus Java and python. Why do students still have to learn computer organization, caching and assembling language?
Jiahe Feng: When you know that the compiler is doing for you. It makes you a better programmer, because you understand what is going on behind the scenes.
Jiahe Feng: Similarly, you become better at debugging.
Jiahe Feng: unique. How many legal legal questions are you working on these days? Can you make sure you do 3 questions a day so that you can find a job for the summer
Yooni Choi: right I should be doing so, since I'm still jobless for summer. I'll try to do 3. Let go questions for sure, so that I lend anywhere that wants to hire me
Yooni Choi: anyway. Fast forward to today, when you are developing applications on the cloud, there does not yet exist a compiler that allocates massive, virtualized resources automatically to solve your specific problem. It is up to you, the cloud programmer, to do the management and to make your applications cost efficient at scale
Yooni Choi: analogous to understanding the components within a single computer, Knowing the underlying components of a data center will improve your abilities to program and debug your cloud based applications.
Most of you will never go on to design and build your own large scale data center. But understanding what goes into implementing the underlying infrastructure will help you appreciate all things that cloud providers are doing for you.
DAZHI PENG: The term data center became popular in 1990, referring to large rooms dedicated to forcing, computing and the networking equipment. Though computer rooms themselves, they back much further.
DAZHI PENG: 30 computers will match it. Besides the manufacturer. They also generate a lot of heat, and it required a clean air refutation to increase reliability.
DAZHI PENG: For this reason early computers could not be placed into a regular office. So customs rooms were used. A lot of these same ideas go into several rooms today. The only difference is that instead of housing one computer, they hold from dozens to 100 to even tenth of size of server. In a single facility.
Jiahe Feng: Modularity is important for data centers, because it allows an organization to expand as needed. One of the enablers of a modular data center as being standardized racks onto which it equipment is mounted.
Jiahe Feng: Historically, silver racks have evolved from early relay rats, racks, phone and railroad signals.
Jiahe Feng: It is unclear. Why the real road companies chose the original 19 inch host to post with. But the same form form factor made its way into early telecommunications and then audio visual equipment and radio and television stations.
Yooni Choi: some of the advantages of labyrinth's design over a common.
Yooni Choi: So there's include a fire safety where rack, posts, and other footings were cast out of our, and later still this became superior to earlier. What an enclosures that could possibly ignite and damage all equipment inside
Yooni Choi: Nexus Fuel assembly, where racks could be assembled, using common hand tools and low skill workers. Thirdly, regularly space holes, which is to support a wide variety of equipment; and lastly, vertical mounting surface allow an easier installation, maintenance and wiring
Yooni Choi: many of today's standard 19 inch equipment wax have evolved from lyrics design. Can that you prepare a brief diagram of lyrics design? Nothing. Fancy just like a simple drawing thing.
DAZHI PENG: Yeah, sure I could do that. Over the past 2 decades the the centers have growing both in size in terms of the number of wrecked, and the
DAZHI PENG: greater density has become possible because of advancing. If you use in the root circuit and a printed circuit board design.
DAZHI PENG: this leads to faster and more powerful computers within the same area.
DAZHI PENG: The menu sites of of an element on a integrated start to it called the feature side had to become all the the magnitude over the last 4 decades.
DAZHI PENG: Individual transistors has reduced in size from about 10 microns in 1,971 to about 0 point 0 3 2 micro in 2,014.
DAZHI PENG: But the video transistors get smaller. More can be done with teams silicon.
Jiahe Feng: So each register consumes the last power within the same thermal constraints. Cpus have gone from single core to 16 course, with transistor counts going from millions to billions.
Jiahe Feng: Additionally, accelerators and co processors have emerged that provide hundreds of additional floating points units, each with increasing floating point. Operation per second per walk.
Jiahe Feng: Also, recent storage arrays have gone from supporting 3 or 4 mechanical hard drives per at units to 15 to 21 drives per rack unit.
Yooni Choi: And so, though the power efficiency of individual components has improved over the years computers themselves have become more dense packing in more processing course, memory and storage per square foot.
Yooni Choi: This density caused the overall power consumption for rack to rise dramatically over the last few years. This trend means that both power and cooling requirements also increase for data center. A large data center now consumes several megawatts of power which is roughly the same power requirements of a small town.
DAZHI PENG: Well, that's amazing. So during data send it are important in terms of cloud. Computing
Jiahe Feng: discussion about calm computing gives me a headache I'm already experiencing, you know, Cloud computing stuff in my life.
Yooni Choi: Yeah, let's call it a day on my face soon Have an amazing weekend, Everyone else you next week, Bye.